docs/branch-protection.md, before:

# Branch Protection and Release Workflows

Included in both the [semantic-release](../semantic-release/) and [incremental-release](../incremental-release) workflows is a step which updates the version in your repo's `package.json` file to match the newly released version. This step will fail with the built-in `GITHUB_TOKEN` if your repo has branch protection rules that prevent commits outside of pull requests.

To work around this, we use a special `D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN`.

To set up this bypass:

1) Ensure that `D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN` is a secret available to your repo

For repos in `Brightspace`, `BrightspaceUI`, `BrightspaceUILabs` and `BrightspaceHypermediaComponents` this secret will already be available org-wide.

We plan to automate the configuration and rotation of this secret in the future.

2) Configure access to the `brightspace-bot`

This is also a temporary step, but make sure that the `brightspace-bot` GitHub account has Admin access to your repo.

Also double-check that your branch protection doesn't include a rule to "Include Administrators".

3) Set `persists-credentials` to `false` in the checkout step:

```yml
name: Checkout
  uses: Brightspace/third-party-actions@actions/checkout
  with:
    persist-credentials: false
```

This tells GitHub Actions not to set up the default `GITHUB_TOKEN`.

4) Pass in `D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN` as the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to the release step:

```yml
- name: Semantic/Incremental Release
  uses: BrightspaceUI/actions/semantic-release@main (or incremental-release)
  with:
    GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

That should do it!

Commit message:

Update branch protection rule name (#90)

docs/branch-protection.md, after:

# Branch Protection and Release Workflows

Included in both the [semantic-release](../semantic-release/) and [incremental-release](../incremental-release) workflows is a step which updates the version in your repo's `package.json` file to match the newly released version. This step will fail with the built-in `GITHUB_TOKEN` if your repo has branch protection rules that prevent commits outside of pull requests.

To work around this, we use a special `D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN`.

To set up this bypass:

1) Ensure that `D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN` is a secret available to your repo

For repos in `Brightspace`, `BrightspaceUI`, `BrightspaceUILabs` and `BrightspaceHypermediaComponents` this secret will already be available org-wide.

We plan to automate the configuration and rotation of this secret in the future.

2) Configure access to the `brightspace-bot`

This is also a temporary step, but make sure that the `brightspace-bot` GitHub account has Admin access to your repo.

Also double-check that your branch protection rules do not include "Do not allow bypassing the above settings", meaning admins are also forced to open pull requests and wait for status checks. This will cause the release job to fail.

3) Set `persists-credentials` to `false` in the checkout step:

```yml
name: Checkout
  uses: Brightspace/third-party-actions@actions/checkout
  with:
    persist-credentials: false
```

This tells GitHub Actions not to set up the default `GITHUB_TOKEN`.

4) Pass in `D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN` as the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to the release step:

```yml
- name: Semantic/Incremental Release
  uses: BrightspaceUI/actions/semantic-release@main (or incremental-release)
  with:
    GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

That should do it!
